README.md, before:

### Hexlet tests and linter status:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/ArtemyAA/python-project-49/actions/workflows/hexlet-check.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ArtemyAA/python-project-49/actions)
<a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/ArtemyAA/python-project-49/maintainability"><img src="https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/4bbb589b663890b2660f/maintainability" /></a>

### Here are different versions of brain game! Use same commands which are used in videos to play them.

1. EVEN game video 

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/629133.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/629133)

2. CALC game video

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/629135.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/629135)

3. GCD game video

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/629136.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/629136)

4. PROGRESSION game video

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/629137.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/629137)

5. PRIME game video

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/629138.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/629138)

Commit message:

update of the project. try to improve README

README.md, after:

### Hexlet tests and linter status:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/ArtemyAA/python-project-49/actions/workflows/hexlet-check.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ArtemyAA/python-project-49/actions)
<a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/ArtemyAA/python-project-49/maintainability"><img src="https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/4bbb589b663890b2660f/maintainability" /></a>

# Welcome to the Brain-games!  
#### This package contains 5 different brain games. Each of them will give you 3 rounds of solving numbers-based tasks #

1. First of all you need to install the package. You can do it with following command:
**pip install git@github.com:ArtemyAA/python-project-49.git --user**

2. Then you need to use the same commands which are used in the videos below. Which command activates different game with its own rule. **Answer 3 times in a row to win.**

EVEN game video 

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/629133.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/629133)

CALC game video

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/629135.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/629135)

GCD game video

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/629136.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/629136)

PROGRESSION game video

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/629137.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/629137)

PRIME game video

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/629138.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/629138)
